Astro 8/8 release notes (#2663)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-organization-team-delete.md

To find a Team ID using the Astro CLI, run `astro organization team list`.

> To find a Team ID In the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, then click **Organization Settings** > **Access Management** > **Teams** and open your Team. The Team ID is the string after the last slash in the page's URL. For example, the Team ID for `https://cloud.astronomer.io/settings/access/teams/clileesfx425o01kvybpzxcvxd5` is `clileesfx425o01kvybpzxcvxd5`.

Reviewer: While the URL suggestion is correct, we explicitly provide the team IDs in both the Team list and detail views, so we should describe that method instead. e.g.

```suggestion
To find a Team ID in the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, then click **Organization Settings** > **Access Management** > **Teams**. You will find an "ID" column in the table listing of Teams or if you click through to a specific Team, you will find the ID with the other meta details along the top.
```

In the list view:

<img width="872" alt="Image 2023-08-08 at 9 16 58 AM" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/3267/ddc55195-3c51-454c-bd90-e81032585f3a">

In the detail view:

<img width="761" alt="Image 2023-08-08 at 9 17 13 AM" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/3267/754e9b7c-3506-426b-b72e-0f9c64b6ac34">
